# Privacy Policy - Sakank

Welcome to **Sakank**, Find Your Perfect Stay – Anywhere, Anytime

Whether you're looking for a cozy cabin, a luxury villa, or a local adventure, Sakank connects you
with unforgettable stays and experiences tailored to your travel dreams.

## Who Controls my personal information ?

When this policy mentions 'Sakank', 'we', 'us', or 'our', it refers to the Sakank company
responsible for handling your information

### *) Personal Information We Collect

#### Information Needed to Use Sakank app

We collect personal information to provide our services. Without it, we may not be able to fulfill
your requests. This includes: Profile Information: Name, phone number, email and location

#### Information You Choose to Provide

You can share additional information, such as: Additional Profile Information: Gender, preferred
languages, or personal descriptions Information About Others: Payment or contact details of others,
with their consent. User-Generated Content: Photos uploaded by the owner of the property. Support
Information: Chat logs, and messages for customer support Other Information: Survey responses,
promotions, feedback, or health information if shared.We will not sell reviews or analyses.

#### Information Collected Automatically

When you use Sakank, we collect: Geolocation Information: Your location via GPS or IP address. Usage
Information: Searches, bookings, and interactions with the platform.

#### Information from Third Parties

We may collect information from: Third-Party Applications: If you link accounts like Google or
Facebook. Background Information Providers: Criminal or background checks, where permitted.
Enterprise Product Invitations: Information from organizations using Sakank for business. Referrals
and Co-Travelers: Information from people who invite you to Sakank. Complainants: Details from
complaints made about you. Other Sources: Public databases, social media, or fraud prevention
services.

### *) How We Use Your Information ?

We use your information to: Provide the Sakank Platform: Enable bookings, and communication. Improve
and Develop the Platform: Conduct research, debug, and enhance services. Personalize Your
Experience: Tailor recommendations based on your activity. Ensure Safety and Compliance: Detect
fraud, verify identities, and enforce policies. Analyze Communications: Review messages for safety
and support purposes.

#### Third-Party Partners and Integrations

You can link Sakank with third-party services like social networks. When you do, information may be
shared based on your settings and the third party’s policies. Sakank is not responsible for how
third parties handle your data.

#### Retention

We retain your information as long as necessary for our services, legal obligations, or to protect
our business. Shared information, like reviews, may remain public even after account deletion.

#### Security

We implement measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, loss, or alteration.
However, no system is completely secure.

### *) Changes to This Policy

We may update this policy and will notify you of significant changes. Continued use of Sakank means
you accept the revised policy.

### Contact Information

For questions or complaints, contact us: sakank.help@gmail.com

## Author - Mohamed Elbaiomy

- [Github](https://github.com/mohamedelbaiomy) - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamed-elbaiomy262003/) - [FaceBook](https://www.facebook.com/Original262003)